I've been in the television production
and creation business for the last 15
years in Asia most of the shows that
I've produced have been around music
about celebrating and promoting Chinese
artists I guess the motivation is
because that very very early on I
realized I really have the talent to be
an artist myself so it was best that I
get into the business of helping them to
enable their dreams in 2003 I was given
an opportunity to create and write a
show that would eventually become one of
the highest Prime Time Friday evening
programs in China called Wasing show or
in Chinese or in English called my
show season 1 we had 5,000 people come
in audition in season two we had 50,000
people com in In audition and by season
3 we had 150,000 people lined up across
the country to audition and it's with
that today I'd like to title my speech
to be called dreams of Chinese Young
artist
by season two I guess I had become an
accidental celebrity as part of the show
boxes and boxes a fan mail came in
flowers paintings t-shirts pillows etc
etc pulled into my office and this was
something I had actually hadn't
completely expected but through the
letters that they wrote and all the
questions that they were asking us about
I got a glimpse about Chinese young
people and their dreams that was
completely revolutionary or Revelation
or a revelation to me so I'd like to
share with you three stories about a boy
from tundu a girl from Shang and then
another boy from
Ken janga came to the show in 2004 and
his song was the back street Boy song
called no matter what he sang it in
perfect English and perfect diction
afterwards I went up to him and I said
so where did you learn to speak like
that or sing like that he looked at me
with a blank face and I realized that he
didn't speak a word of English later on
I realized that he had played a song
over and over and over again in order to
get his Pitch Perfect Right and perfect
English his mother came to me with a bag
of noodles with a well-worn white apron
very very Brown from I guess years of
working and I learned later that it was
her mother who made a living by selling
noodles on a roadside that supported his
dreams of being a singer when Jang first
started to want to sing he went to a
local bar and the boss there said to him
you can come and sing for 4 hours and
I'll give you w five REM andb he looked
at the Wai and he couldn't believe
that's how much money he could make from
singing with many many wuk he bought a
computer downloaded more music and
taught himself more English songs couple
of months ago eight years later in
Beijing I went to a concert at the
people's Hall of people and he sang
before 10,000 fans that were screaming
and you shouldn't have seen you should
have seen the smile on his mother's face
she was so proud the second person I
like to talk about is waying she's 21
years old from Shenyang very very
attractive low out toour voice came to
the show and immediately captivated
everybody and then started to make it to
the final 10 when she got a phone call
from her boyfriend who said if you want
to save the show I will break up with
you I don't want you to be in Show
Business ing had a legitimate shot at
winning and she was conflicted we left
the decision to her but in the end she
volunteered to leave the show and
withdraw from the competition a couple
of years later I saw her in Beijing and
I said what happened how are you doing
she said well I broke with my boyfriend
a year later and I swear I'll never
listen to a man's advice again I said go
girlfriend the L story I'd like to share
with you is about a gentleman who rode a
horse for six hours to audition in tundu
he sang a song that he used to sing to
his sheeps and kongan as you know is
famous for love music after singing this
we gave him an immediate pass to
Shanghai and he said no thank you but I
have to go back and tend to my flock it
turns out that he has never heard his
voice recorded in digital form and as a
result of his story and his passion for
music We decided to make a small
donation to Kong Den where there is now
a small digital recording studio a
couple of months later I started to get
lots and lots of thank you letters from
around the country apparently from Gansu
chinai and Tibet and there the people
started to thank me about all these
things that I was supposedly donating
school supplies socker ball sneakers
clothing and so forth I actually didn't
do any of this and I was quite
embarrassed and I started to deny doing
all of this but as you know in Chinese
culture the more you deny it the more
they really believe you're just being
modest so they kept saying Yeah right
sure sure but you know thank you anyway
but apparently what I realized was that
the fans had taken my name and started
to make donations on behalf of my
nickname and it was a movement that I
guess they had embraced all their own
and that really taught me a great deal
about what celebrity and fame is about
and so through this story of three
people one who made it Against All Odds
a girl who had to change her Traditional
Values and rules in the face of
competition and lastly some somebody who
resisted the fast urbanization of China
decided to go back to his own ways I
have three very very quick and simple
reflection the first is that I guess we
really should be good stewards of what
we've been given do really the most of
what you have more or less the second
thing is Andy wo once said that
everybody's going to have 15 minutes of
fame I'm clearly on my 14th minute and
I've learned that really with Fame so so
much of it is about it could be warmth
and provide Comfort or it could destroy
everything around you luckily in this
case the young people around the show
has taught me a lot about what it can do
for the greater good last but not least
my final thought is that I think there
is a creative Renaissance going on in
China today young people are creating
things online musically fashion artwork
and so forth at a pace and a sense that
I would Define as modernity inspired by
tradition they're redefining for
themselves what modern China is and I
hope that as I continue to do television
that I would be able to bring and share
more of these stories with all of you
because it's really happening every day
all around us thank you very
much